Xelda Beta Test

Hello, thank you for beta testing my game Xelda. I would ask that you keep this version private until any bugs are worked out as I want to present a bug free game.  

I will also ask that you do not present solutions to the public until sometime after the release, the puzzles are not too hard.  Also wait on walk thru's until after the release.  I want the game to be a suprise, hopefully pleasant.  Feel free if you want to present a video showing various aspect of the game.

Just a little history.  I originally started this game as a memory test while playing around with the MK2 game engine.  I was originally inspired with the game engine while playing the Godkiller game.  The godkiller game was written with the Churrera game engine.  The MK2 was enhanced from the Churrera game engine.  I originally wanted to see how many screens I could place in a 128k game.  From there I started playing around with the script, doing test scripts to see if I could program a puzzle.

From there, the game eventually evolved to what you see now.


What I am looking for in this beta test.  I'm looking for major bugs, or minor if you find them.  Here's the best way to report an issue.

The screens are laid out as such

0	1	2	3
4	5	6	7
8	9	10	11
12	13	14	15

The levels are laid out as
6	7	8
3	4	5
0	1	2

The first dungeon is on level 0
Refer as level 10

The second dungeon is on level 2
Refer as level 11

The third dungeon is on level 8
Refer as level 12

Inside houses are level 9

I cannot really add any more text, but can modify text if there are spelling errors.

If for some reason the game has an error, report the level and screen number you are on and the scenerio that the problem happened, or perhaps a snapshot of the game and emailed back to me.


My screens and script are pretty full, so I don't have much of any space for additional script, I left enough room to fix bugs and that's about it.

Next year or perhaps a little later, I am planning a followup game, so new ideas for levels and or game play are appreciated, but would not be added to this game, but could be added for the next game. I love collaborations.

I also would like opinions about the game in general, I may not be able to do anything about changing anything out it, but I might be able to tweak things here and there.  

The music is as is.  I tried my best to come up with decent tunes, they may change over time, depends on if I suddenly develop a music talent.

The sword collision detection is a bit touchy, I haven’t found a better solution to it, if I do, it will end up in subsequent versions. I recommend that you play this game via an emulator rather than a real machine. There is no save function, if you want to save, use the emulator save function.  My emulator of choice is Spectaculator.



This game will eventually be open source and published on GitHub.




Playing the game.

I would recommend using a joystick, although keys will work ok, I’ve found wasd space tiring on the hands, QAOP space isn’t bad though.

As you may guess, use directional controls to move your character and fire to perform an action.  Pressing fire while not on an object fires the sword.  The sword will fire in the direction you are facing.  There is no spin sword action.  If you are on an object, pressing fire will perform other actions.  A sign will read out, a switch will move, etc.  If you are on a NPC, fire will open up the dialog.  The dialogue is nothing more that telling you what your next quest will be, there is no other interaction other than fulfill the quest.  The goal is to find the “Golden Apple” and replace it to the statue.

The game will take some time to complete.

The dungeons are a nasty area and are pretty hard unless you have the map, I’ve uploaded the maps and solutions to the dungeons on the shared folder.  They may be a little inaccurate, but are pretty close.

I cannot make the halo effect any larger at this time as it uses a buffer that is a memory hog and things are tight enough as is.

Enjoy the game
Andy



